feat: Rework Browser JS integration docs (#7648)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platforms/javascript/guides/electron/configuration/integrations/net.mdx

---
title: Net
excerpt: ""
description: "Captures breadcrumbs and tracing spans for Electrons `net` module. (default)"
sidebar_order: 10
---

Captures breadcrumbs and tracing spans for Electrons `net` module. By default breadcrumbs and tracing spans are enabled and `sentry-trace` headers are added to requests for all origins.

The integration can be configured via constructor options:

```typescript
interface NetOptions {
  /**
   * Whether breadcrumbs should be captured for net requests
   *
   * Defaults to: true
   */
  breadcrumbs: boolean;
  /**
   * Whether to capture transaction spans for net requests
   *
   * Defaults to: true
   */
  tracing: boolean | (method: string, url: string) => boolean;
  /**
   * Whether to add 'sentry-trace' headers to outgoing requests
   *
   * Defaults to: true
   */
  tracingOrigins: boolean | (method: string, url: string) => boolean;
}
```

> For example, to disable breadcrumb capture and addition of `sentry-trace` headers and only capture spans for `POST` requests:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here's a code example of how to disable breadcrumb capture and add `sentry-trace` headers to only capture spans for `POST` requests:
```
